Fix link format in backup doc (#3033)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/devworkspace-backup.adoc

The {devworkspace} backup job provides periodic backups of {devworkspace} data to a specified location.
After you enable and configure the job, it runs at defined intervals to create backups of {devworkspace} data.

> The backup controller requires an OCI-compliant registry, such as the e.g., link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/{ocp4-ver}/html/registry/registry-overview#registry-integrated-openshift-registry_registry-overview[OpenShift built-in registry]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backup controller requires an OCI-compliant registry, such as the, link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/{ocp4-ver}/html/registry/registry-overview#registry-integrated-openshift-registry_registry-overview[Red Hat OpenShift built-in registry]
```
